c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\obj\Debug\Hub.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Hub.dll
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Hub.pdb
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\obj\Debug\Hub.dll
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\obj\Debug\Hub.pdb
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Application.dll
c:\users\jcapone\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Application.pdb
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Hub.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Hub.pdb
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Application.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Application.pdb
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\obj\Debug\Hub.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\obj\Debug\Hub.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\obj\Debug\Hub.pdb
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Hub.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Hub.pdb
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Application.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Application.pdb
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\obj\Debug\Hub.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\obj\Debug\Hub.dll
C:\Users\jcapone\Desktop\Local\Prototypes\TeamSixApi\Src\TeamSealSixApi\Hub\obj\Debug\Hub.pdb
